By T. Albert
Illustrated by: maaillustrations.com

They need to be done and depending on your outlook
can be accomplished easily.
Doing My Chores is intended to impart a message of
importance in accomplishing one's given tasks.

Published by Monkey Pen Ltd

Dear Supporter,
Thank you for downloading our children's books.
Monkey Pen's Vision is to provide thousands of free children's
books to young readers around the globe.
Please share our books with your friends and family to
support our mission. Thank you

Please make a donation on Patreon to support
Monkey Pens Free Book Project:

I like doing my chores.

Well, maybe not all of them but most of them.

Hmm, maybe not most of them. But a lot of them.

Okay, maybe not a lot of them. But a few of them.

Well, maybe not a few of them but … None of them!

Just fooling … I really do like doing my chores.

When I do my chores, it helps my Mommy and Daddy, and as you
know Mummies and Daddies sometimes need a lot of help.

When I do my chores, it makes me feel important and
I like to be important. Don’t you?

Sometimes I get bored so I do some chores,
even if they are not my chores.

Sometimes I have chores that I do not like to do.
When that happens I make up a silly game and that
makes the chore easier.

Like yesterday, I had to put my laundry away and
I pretended that I was hiding it from my Mommy.
It was fun and I think I remember where I put it.

Just fooling … It is in my dresser where it belongs.

Sometimes when all my chores are done, we go
to the park or have other special time.

I know if my chores weren’t done we wouldn’t be able to do that.

“So be important and have some fun.
Do your chores until they are done.”

Advertisement

Your Story Book!
A book specially made,
with you as the main hero
or heroine!

Personalised children’s gifts by www.monkeypen.com

They need to be done and depending on
your outlook can be accomplished easily.
Doing My Chores is intended to impart a
message of importance in accomplishing
one's given tasks.

Published by

Illustrated by

Please share our books with your friends and
family to support our mission. Thank you

